# CardHolder

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**address** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**email** | **string** | The email field is used to for the payment card holder&#39;s email address. This field is used to send a receipt from the Paylink service direct to the payment card holder. In any given token request, the email address for the payment card holder may be pre-populated through this request or collected through the Paylink Payment Form. | [optional] 
**first_name** | **string** | The field refers to the first name of the card holder. | [optional] 
**last_name** | **string** | The field refers to the last name of the card holder. | [optional] 
**mobile** | **string** | The &#x60;mobile&#x60; field refers to a known mobile number of the card holder. This can be used for Data collection via the Paylink Payment Form; or optionally sending an SMS message on completion of a transaction to the mobile number. This feature is a licensable option and is not configured by default. | [optional] 
**title** | **string** | The field refers to the title of the card holder. | [optional] 
**accept_headers** | **string** | The &#x60;acceptHeaders&#x60; field may be used to specify the accept headers string generated by the cardholder&#39;s browser. This field may be used to lock the Paylink Payment Form to the cardholder&#39;s browser, preventing the use of a different browser to or protecting from a potential malicious hijacking attempt. | [optional] 
**remote_addr** | **string** | The &#x60;remoteAddr&#x60; field may be used to specify the remote IP address of the customer&#39;s browser. This field may be used to lock the payment process to the shopper by referencing the IP Address from which the original requests emanate. Should the shopper use a different source address or a malicious third party was to attempt to hijack the transaction, an error will be generated. While locking a Payment transaction to an IP Address may reduce the risk of transaction hijacking, customers that access may change their IP addresses as part of their IPSP service. This option should be only used for paranoid requests. | [optional] 
**user_agent** | **string** | The &#x60;userAgent&#x60; field may be used to specify the user agent string generated by the cardholder&#39;s browser. This field may be used to lock the Paylink Payment Form to the cardholder&#39;s browser, preventing the use of a different browser to or protecting from a potential malicious hijacking attempt. Note: Some browsers may vary this value depending on installed plugins. Paylink only supports static values. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


