# TokenRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**merchant_id** | **int** | The merchant id that you wish to process this transaction with. You may be provided with one or more merchant ids when signing up for an account. | [optional] 
**licence_key** | **string** | The licenceKey field is used to identify the configured version of the Paylink service that is being run. | [optional] 
**amount** | **int** | The amount field is used to specify the intended value of the transaction in the lowest denomination with no spacing characters or decimal point. This is the net total to be processed. An example of £74.95 would be presented as 7495. | [optional] 
**client_version** | **string** | The clientVersion field is used to specify the version of your application that has invoked the payment process. This feature is typically used for tracing issues relating to application deployments, or any Paylink integration module or plugin. | [optional] 
**email** | **string** | The email field is used for the Merchant to be notified on completion of the transaction. The value may be supplied to override the default stored value. Emails sent to this address by the Paylink service should not be forwarded on to the cardholder as it may contain certain information that is used by the Paylink service to validate and authenticate Paylink Token Requests: for example, the Merchant MID and the licence key. | [optional] 
**identifier** | **string** | The identifier field is used to identify a particular transaction linked to a Merchant account. The identifier should be unique to prevent payment card processing attempts from being rejected due to duplication. | [optional] 
**test** | **string** | The test field specifies mode of the transaction as  *true*: the transaction will be processed as if it was a live transaction however authorisation will be performed by the CityPay Test Authorisation System to enable comprehensive systems integration testing.  *false*: the transaction will be processed and authorised using an upstream Payment Card Acquirer such that, on a successful transaction, the relevant Payment Card Holder Account will be deducted the amount of the transaction on authorisation and the Merchant credited.  If no value is supplied then a request is assumed to be a test transaction by default. | [optional] 
**cardholder** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\CardHolder**](CardHolder.md) |  | [optional] 
**config** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\Config**](Config.md) |  | [optional] 
**account_no** | **string** | The accountNo field is used to specify a Client unique account number that the Paylink service should use when creating a Cardholder Account. The value of the accountNo field is an alpha-numeric string generated by the Merchant and should be no longer than 20 characters in length. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


